this is the element case soft tech folio
case for the iPhone 6
hi dan fagre diary we are huge fans of
element case here at Gear diary and we
are thrilled that they're rolling out
their new cases for the iPhone 6 and
soon for the iPhone 6 plus this is the
soft tech folio case for the iPhone 6 it
has an MSRP of $49.99 it comes in two
color combinations it comes in this
beautiful white and gold version and it
comes in a black and red version the
white and gold version is currently out
of stock as we're making this video but
by the time it is live it should be back
in stock or back in stock shortly the
features of this case it has a slim
lightweight design a durable tech grip
covering plus synthetic suede interior a
card slot easy access to buttons and
jacks a stand for adjustable viewing
angles and it is of course designed in
California and has all of the quality
that we've come to expect from element
case so let's open up the package take a
look at what you get inside element case
has switched up their packaging it's a
little bit simpler than it used to be
very easy to open you get the folio case
and that's pretty much it you have here
this really nice synthetic material this
is there soft tech they call it material
it has some texture to it which lets you
keep a nice grip it has a cutout for the
ear piece on the phone and you have the
element case logo here in the lower
right hand corner here on the back you
see that there are two materials coming
into play you've got this hard impact
rubber tone shell that cradles your
phone as they put it and then you have
what they refer to as the plush
synthetic suede liner inside and the
soft tech material here on the outside
you have the soft tech name or wording
right here as well embossed into the
material flipping the case open you see
the other hard shell here and you have
the plush synthetic suede liner here and
your slot for your card let's take an
iPhone 6 and just pop it into the case
put the mute toggle in first and then
just snap it into place it holds quite
nicely when the phone is inside you
really don't know that it's there flip
it around you see that you've got a nice
opening for the camera the microphone in
the flash you have your sleep awake
button
right here on the side accessible even
when it's closed here on the bottom you
have a nice long run that leaves open
the speaker the lightning connector the
microphone and the 3.5 millimeter
headphone jack it's worth noting that
the corners are still protected and you
have this drop down here in two places
so that you really do get a nice degree
of protection for the lower portion of
the iPhone 6 going around to the top
there's nothing here because the power
button has been moved to the side but
you do have the corners protected
flipping this open you see that you have
full access to the screen you do not get
any lay on the table protection I do
have a glass screen protector on this
phone you can see the line because it
actually stops before the glass starts
to curve down to meet the body some
people have been complaining about that
I would much prefer to have my screen
protected then not protected even if it
does mean a line is added to the screen
that is especially important on a case
like this that does not give lay on the
table protection you also have the card
slot right here so you can take a card
flip it in there and you can be on the
go and have your license and your phone
with you that becomes especially useful
once Apple pay is actually in play and
becomes ubiquitous because your phone
will act as your payment method and
simply having your driver's license here
you'll have your driver's license and
the ability to make purchases using your
phone thanks to the near-field
communication chip and the Apple pay
system built into it close it up and you
have a nice neat package right now it
does not stay closed but my experience
with this style of case for the iPhone
5s was that over time it loosened up and
it did fall and lay flat in a much
better way you do with this case have
the option to use it as a stand which is
a nice extra and it will hold at a
number of different angles and it does
hold really nicely even though it
doesn't click into place nice with the
iPhone 6 with the iPhone 6 plus with its
nice big 5.5 inch screen it's going to
be an even nicer experience because it
really is a great device for watching
movies or YouTube videos or the like but
you do get the built-in stand
functionality with this case in all a
really really nice case from element
case the soft tech folio for the iPhone
6 it has an MSRP of 49
99 cents it has tech grip material it
includes a built-in viewing stand it has
a plush interior it's designed by
element case and it is really really a
beautiful beautiful functional case the
element case soft tech folio for the
iPhone 6 this is Dan from Gear diary
thanks very much for watching
you